# pathrise
Pathrise is an online program that provides 1-on-1 mentorship, training, and advice to help job seekers get the best possible jobs in tech. Every two weeks, Pathrise welcomes a new cohort of fellows. If a candidate is interested in joining our program and successfully passes all stages of our admission process, they receive an offer to join Pathrise and become a fellow. The first 2 weeks in the program are called a free trial period and a fellow can withdraw within this free trial period without any penalty. After 2 weeks, a fellow needs to sign an ISA (Income Share Agreement) with us if they want to stay in the program. The entire program lasts up to a year, including 8 weeks of the core curriculum. If a fellow is unable to find a job within a year after joining Pathrise, his/her contract is terminated. However, there might be some exceptions. For instance, if someone was on a break, we may extend their contract for the period of the break. 

On average, for fellows who stay with us after their free trial period, it takes about 4 months to receive a final job offer. However, there is a lot of variation in fellows’ outcomes. Being able to predict how fast every single fellow is going to find a job is crucial for our business. In this exercise we provide you with a sample of information we collected from our fellows from the moment they joined our program. Please don’t expect this data set to be perfect, it never happens in the real world. 
 
The main goal of your analysis is to derive insights around if a fellow will ultimately be placed at a company and how long until a placement can be expected. 

We are most interested in understanding your thought process and the way you deploy analytical techniques towards addressing these questions; we also look favorably on candidates who not only receive the meaningful results but can translate those findings into recommendations of actions that the company ought to take. 

